Kids-Count-Numbers-Game--Math-
==============================

Play 6 different preschool learning games with this single math app. ★★★ Runs on Tablets 7" and 10" tablets too ★★★ Hello Children! Check this elementary game for children and schools by Classteacher Learning Systems. HOW DOES THIS ANDROID EDUCATION APP HELP THE PARENTS AND TODDLERS ? This app contains a collection of six number games for preschoolers that will teach them everything about 1-10 numbers: counting, writing numbers, the greater/smaller concept, find the missing number, and connect the dots. This maths education app is designed for preschoolers with beautiful graphics and amusing sounds.They can play with this elementary edu game without any help. Not only this, Kids will also learn basis skills in a fun way. WHAT SKILLS THE KIDS WOULD LEARN FROM THIS ELEMENTARY GAME? ★★ Learn Counting ★★  For learning the mathematical number concepts, it is important to learn counting and be able to relate to your environment. When the kid clicks on any number, the same number of characters appears for best possible understanding. ★★ Write Numbers ★★ This free elementary android app assists the toddler how to write different numbers. The toddlers need to drag the cursor along the dotted lines to complete the numbers. ★★ Missing Numbers ★★ Missing numbers allow the preschoolers to practice by filling missing numbers from the patterns given. ★★ Number Names ★★ It is of utmost importance to know the numbers names. This mathematical activity first introduces all the number names to the preschoolers and then comes the activity to test and reinforce that learning. ★★ Connect Dot ★★ A dot to dot game for kids. This maths app presents a series of puzzles for the preschoolers that consist of the challenge of connecting the numbers in sequence. When you succeed in connecting all the dots, the outline is enjoyably transformed into a colored graphic. ★★ Greater Smaller ★★ Sea Saw is one of the favorite rides, all children like to take. They have to click on the number greater or smaller as mentioned in the question and the sea saw will move accordingly on providing the correct answer.
